previously on a Prentice a guy's Canada
so silly sponsors ideas guests
hi you guys remember you're freaking out
about trying to find many like new
potatoes we're gonna tell you my heart
I'm so excited they're called little
gems there's also new potatoes over
there those are called new potato
awesome the money cuz when you're
holding the leash he's awful but when
he's just walking by himself he's great
yeah walking the dogs flathead through
guys walking himself great he's very
crappy she was not so happy he's like I
got to be with him at all times watching
him walking little oh no I'm gonna just
knowledge that don't poop on the leash
found treasure have wii u so like trying
to walk around the leash okay I can do
this I can do this cheap y'all haha
Thank You Sheree good boy hang out with
people a good boy his shadow is a cat
and Threepio are chewy shadow is an
actual dog silly silly animals I know
it's ridiculous Stephanie addresses a
bag there's corgis and other things on
it and I like it puppies okay so Sam
moved in and took over the guest room
which means you no longer have a guest
room and we also have a bed just chillin
in pieces so we figured we'll make room
cuz we have it and put a bed in the
office and then when like Stephanie
sleeps over whoever sleeps over they
have a bed instead of a futon chained to
the wall space sam took up all the space
with all of the stuff a little curtain
like one of those like divider things
yeah always take photos when
disassembling otherwise i would have a
huge problem right now this is half the
pieces so right well figuring out took
pictures oh she's wearing them little
pieces I don't know what to do this but
um we'll get there show you what it's
been doing buddy hi are you gonna live
in years
right okay thank you he literally like I
was putting in the screws for these
cross thingies and he's like I wanna
hang out with you and crawled underneath
even though I probably could just stack
over and he probably could well I was
like I was padding like the thing I was
a command career and he stepped up on
them and then was just like yeah and
we're good huh hey tricky goofball hi
baby hi maybes go there I just want to
go under ok Joe under hey okay look it's
good okay what come on come here can you
give I give my kimmy carry okay Kimmy
Kimmy Jane know your skin it was already
there come here Kimmy here yes good boy
good boy good boy yeah really gimme
gimme everything is like I've already
made in yours damn Sam pay attention to
me other side nope save me from these
crazy people good boy chewy good boy
guys the beds basically done yay managed
to figure it out because miracle I took
pictures of like half disassembled
because we got to the point I was like
oh crap there's a lot of pieces maybe we
should take pictures but by that point
half it was already dissembled like the
top half I figured out by myself so go
Mary so yay now you have a place to
sleep
all done so are you gonna sleep on this
then I guess yeah our beds haunted
apparently oh ok Sherman oh hi this is
my home comfortable mm-hmm no one can
get me anything all right yeah totally
uh-huh Chewie get me kill me ok gang chi
gong give on hello is anybody there
Chewie oh that's my good because they
say he's like I don't know what's going
on man you like it I'm so over it oh
yeah hello you guys leave us alone the
monster has joined the party it's his
bed hey babe this is the pious and chewy
sense sometimes they might share with
you if you ask nicely it's kind of like
they get late on this side of the bed
you get the like tiny little corner
hoping and offal hey I mean even like
nothing i'm so excited because Threepio
will like take the a giant spot like
right here right in the middle right
metal and then like sure be like I'm
gonna be by your feet and various is
like oh yeah you're right this is my
spot he's like nowhere near the edge of
the bed he's just literally in the
middle he's actually giving him like a
lot more room than usual but no no this
thing you can sleep in that corner over
there they're so happy Rubio was
upstairs and he comes running and he's
just like oh nice knew what
ace to sleep thank you for thinking my
knee thank you thank you isn't it's
funny because Threepio is licking his
own e at the same Jackson busy well then
goofballs is